[exporter/fileexporter] provide additional documentation for the working setup of the file exporter (#20767)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/fileexporter/README.md

Please note that there is no guarantee that exact field names will remain stable.
This intended for primarily for debugging Collector without setting up backends.

> The official [opentelemetry-collector-contrib container](https://hub.docker.com/r/otel/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tags#!) does not have a writable filesystem by default since it's built using the special `from scratch` layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official [opentelemetry-collector-contrib container](https://hub.docker.com/r/otel/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tags#!) does not have a writable filesystem by default since it's built on the `scratch` layer.
```

> As such, you will need to create a writable directory for the path, potentially by creating writable volumes or creating a custom image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, you will need to create a writable directory for the path, potentially by mounting writable volumes or creating a custom image.
```

    compression: zstd
```

## Get Started in an existing cluster
We will follow the [documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/k8s-operator/) to first install the operator in an existing cluster

> and then create an OpenTelemetry Collector (otelcol) instance, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then create an OpenTelemetry Collector (otelcol) instance, mounting an additional volume under `/data` under which the file exporter will write `metrics.json`:
```
